Update README.md to include 3D instructions (#20)
trixi-framework/Trixi2Img.jl: README.md

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-success.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![GitHub commits since tagged version](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/trixi-framework/Trixi2Img.jl/v0.2.0.svg?style=social&logo=github)](https://github.com/trixi-framework/Trixi2Img.jl)

> **Trixi2Img.jl** can create PDF/PNG from output files created by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Trixi2Img.jl** can create PDF/PNG files from output files created by
```

```julia
julia> using Trixi2Img
```

> To process a 2D HDF5 file generated by Trixi.jl, execute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To process an HDF5 file generated by a 2D simulation with Trixi.jl, execute
```

  <img width="300px" src="docs/src/assets/solution_000040_scalar_resized.png">
</p>

To visualize 3D data generated by Trixi.jl, a 2D slice must be extracted.

> A slice can only lie on a plane orthogonal to an axis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A slice can only lie in a plane orthogonal to one of the coordinate axes.
```

> The slice plane is defined by the axis to which it is orthogonal and the axis intercept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The slice plane is defined by the axis to which it is orthogonal and an axis intercept.
```

> For example, to slice 3D data at the axis `z = 0.5`, execute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to create a 2D slice in the yz-plane at the axis intercept `z = 0.5` from 3D data, execute
```

> For example, to create a 2D slice in the yz-plane at the axis intercept `z = 0.5` from 3D data, execute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to create a 2D slice in the xy-plane at the axis intercept `z = 0.5` from 3D data, execute
```
